Brazilian Terek who flew
today frequent flights from moscow valibur
for mach 1 16 finals of the russia cup with
gas man he spent under the game training
the team arrived at the full match
roster in the general group trained
Fedor Kudryashov replaced because of grass
match of the eighth round with Spartak
Gasovik located upper part
table panel is a tile team
thinks the main craden of the nicknames is rashid
rahimov
we managed a few matches gasman
see we know the level of the team know
that the cup is a completely different tournament and
motivation of many teams
but we are seriously preparing the same for
match and
I naturally hope to win
spending an hour of training to rush
increase for hotel
condition of artificial turf
football player satisfied